CUBA compiles mainstream JVM technologies into a powerful environment, responding to modern development standards and common requirements of business applications.
What's new
All versions
Based on Spring Framework
CUBA naturally adopts most features of Spring Framework, so you can rely on its wide ecosystem and apply your expertise gained before. If you’re new to Spring, CUBA provides a guided way to get started.
Based on Spring Framework
CUBA naturally adopts most features of Spring Framework, so you can rely on its wide ecosystem and apply your expertise gained before. If you’re new to Spring, CUBA provides a guided way to get started.
Modular
The unique architecture allows any CUBA application to be embedded into another CUBA application. This makes modularization practically trivial - split your task into a number of loosely coupled parts, develop them separately and assemble together into one comprehensive system.
Scalable
The framework is designed to be scalable both vertically and horizontally. It provides multiple deployment options depending on the planned application load and permitted downtime.
Compatible
CUBA applications are compatible with most popular RDBMS and run in any Java servlet container. They can be distributed as WAR, Docker image, UberJar or deployed to the clouds.
BACKOFFICE UI
Generic UI module is aimed for the rapid development of backoffice and administrative frontends in Java or other JVM languages. It provides a rich collection of UI components with seamless data-binding along with all necessary infrastructure for data manipulation and validation, business logic invocation, internationalization, session management, access control and more.
REST API
Generic REST API supports authentication, CRUD operations, custom data fetching and business logic invocation. Swagger documentation is generated automatically, so it can be easily integrated with a third party system or consumed by any client application.
CUSTOMER-FACING UI
Unlike backoffice frontends, customer-facing UI often implies mobile-first design with unique elements and high load requirements. In response, CUBA provides TypeScript SDK and a generator to boost React.js frontend development.
Packed with enterprise features
The framework is sponsored by Haulmont, an enterprise software development house with over 10 years history. CUBA originated as an internal tool and now plays central role in the company used in over 500 productions systems worldwide.
POWERED BY